Add to Permanent Bookbag
------------------------

TPAC was modified to allow a logged-in user to add records from search
results and record summary screens to their permanent bookbags rather
than to a temporary bookbag that goes away when logged out.

Bookbag Selection Menu
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The search results and record summary screens were modified so that
the "Add to my list" will show a menu when moused over by a logged-in
user.  This menu will display the option to add to a temporary
bookbag, the user's default list (if any), up to ten of the user's
other bookbags, a "See all" option to allow the user to choose one of
the bags not on the menu, and to create a new list and add the record
to it.

Choosing the temporary list from the menu will add the record to the
temporary my list as TPAC does before the addition of this feature.

Choosing a named list will add the record to the chosen list.

Choosing "See all" or "Add to new list" will take the user to their My
Lists page.  (The only difference being that "See all" will actually
list all of the user's bookbags if they have more than the current
limit.)  The My Lists page will have a new button "Add to this list"
next to each of their existing lists.  In addition, if the user
creates a new list on this screen, the selected record will
automatically be added to this new list.

You can tell all of the above is working if you are redirected to your
search results or record summary after adding to a list.  If there was
a problem, you will get either an error page or will see your My Lists
page.

Designating a Default Bookbag/list
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The user's My List screen has had a 'Make Default List' button added
for each list.  Clicking the button will cause that list to be
registered as the user's default list.  This is the list that will be
added to when a user chooses the Default List option on the Add to my
list menu in search or record summary.

The current default list has a 'Remove Default List' button next to
it.  Clicking this button will unset the default status of the list
and return to a state of having no default list.

One handy way that users may want to use this feature is to create a
new list, and then designate it as the default.  This list could then
be used to add records from searches based on a current topic of
interest.  Changing the default list is so easy that users may want to
do so when changing search topics in order to keep their results
better organized.

A Note on CSS Styles
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

If a user has a bookbag with an overly long name, the end of it will
jut out past the right margin of the menu in FireFox and several other
browsers.  To change this behavior, you may want to edit the `.popmenu
li:hover li a` css entry in `web/css/skin/default/opac/style.css` by
adding an `overflow` property.  If you desire to have the longer names
clipped to the size ofthe menu then add `overlow: hidden`.  If you
prefer to have a scroll bar for oversized entries, then add `overflow:
auto`.
